the comment was not saved without an answer 
blank=true bhi add kar diya usmein

AssertionError: The field 'answers' was declared on serializer UserSerializer, but has not been included in the 'fields' option.        
commemnted the 3 fields in the user serializer


Invalid password format or unknown hashing algorithm.
Raw passwords are not stored, so there is no way to see this user’s password, but you can change the password using this form.
how to resolve this , when creating a new user and storing the password

{
    "detail": "No active account found with the given credentials"
}
during token obtain,despite being the account active
solved by changing the password from the admin panel 

obtained the token but was not kind of logged in , done by changing the serttings in the jwt package 


Original exception text was: 'Question' object has no attribute 'answers'.

 Relational field must provide a `queryset` argument, override `get_queryset`, or set 
read_only=`True`.

stackoverflow.Answer: (models.E010) 'unique_together' must be a list or tuple.

NotImplementedError: RelatedField.to_representation() must be implemented for field .

Comment() got unexpected keyword arguments: 'question'
comment_question

comments nahi aa rahe the related name dalne se aa gaye 
use of the related names ?


** whenever adding some custom thing like the user and all also update the setting ralted to that 

Reverse accessor 'Question.comments' for 'stackoverflow.Acomment.answer' clashes with reverse accessor for 'stackoverflow.QComment.question'.
        HINT: Add or change a related_name argument to the definition for 'stackoverflow.Acomment.answer' or 'stackoverflow.QComment.question'.

Django automatically creates reverse accessors for relationships, and if two or more relationships have the same default reverse accessor name, you'll get a clash.

sol unique related names 

indention mistake are very fatal 

not able to save the author while doing in the views to save the author by request.user 
resolved by removing the logic from the views and adding it to the serializer itself 
try to consolidate the logic at a single place 
django mein no serializer so waha par views mein 
yaha par serializer mein 
jo request aa rahi wo serializer ke pass ja rahi before going to the models for saving so serializer ko cutomize kar diya 
serializer hi request meinse user nikal kar save kar lega